Okay now we're going to discuss social sharing from inside your own app.
When your customers are using your app there will always be some things that they can do with friends
or people they know and want to share a good thing.
For instance challenging a friend to a game is set for social sharing is very very important for increasing
one's downloads to sweeten the deal here.
Why not give out in-game currency or bonuses for sharing with friends via email Facebook or Twitter
at least get them to share using Facebook and Twitter.
Give out rewards for each.
All this sharing will increase your downloads down the road.
Also give them a reward for simply liking you on your Facebook page.
It costs you nothing and it pays you back in dividends and they'll see you in the next lecture.